# Courses Taken

**Machine Learning**
- *Machine Learning - Coursera Specialization (Audit with Notes)* = This course specialization is taught by Andrew Ng, Geoff Ladwig, Aarti Bagul, and Eddy Shyu. Here we learned to build machine learning models with NumPy & scikit-learn, build & train supervised models for prediction & binary classification tasks (linear, logistic regression). We learned to build & train a neural network with TensorFlow to perform multi-class classification, & build & use decision trees & tree ensemble methods. We learned to apply best practices for ML development & use unsupervised learning techniques for unsupervised learning including clustering & anomaly detection. And finally, we learned building recommender systems with a collaborative filtering approach & a content-based deep learning method & building a deep reinforcement learning model.
- *Mathematics for Machine Learning & Data Science - Coursera Specialization (Audit with Notes)* = This course specialization is taught by [Luis Serrano](https://www.coursera.org/instructor/luis-serrano). Mathematics for Machine Learning and Data Science is a 
beginner-friendly Specialization where we learned the fundamental mathematics toolkit of machine learning: Calculus, Linear Algebra, Statistics, and Probability.

**Languages**
 - *Python for Data Science, AI & Development (Audit with Notes)* = This course is taught by [Joesph Santarcangelo](https://www.coursera.org/instructor/~28511493). In it, we learn Python. We learn to demonstrate proficiency in using Python libraries such as Pandas & Numpy, and developing code using Jupyter Notebooks. We apply Python programming logic Variables, Data Structures, Branching, Loops, Functions, Objects & Classes. Finally, we learn to access and web scrape data using APIs and Python libraries like Beautiful Soup. 
 - *SQL for Data Analysis - Udacity Specialization* = This course specialization is taught by [Derek Steer](https://www.udacity.com/enrollment/ud198). In it, we Learn how to execute core SQL commands to define, select, manipulate, control access, aggregate, and join data and data tables. We also learn to understand when and how to use subqueries, several window functions, and partitions to complete complex tasks. Finally, we learn to clean data, optimize SQL queries and write select advanced JOINs to enhance analysis performance.
 - *HTML, CSS, and Javascript for Web Developers (Audit with Notes)...current* = This course is taught by [Yaakov Chaikin](https://www.coursera.org/instructor/yaakov-chaikin). In this course, we learn the basic tools that every web page coder needs to know. We start from the ground up by learning how to implement modern web pages with HTML and CSS. We then advance to learning how to code our pages such that its components rearrange and resize themselves automatically based on the size of the user’s screen. We become able to code up a web page that will be just as useful on a mobile phone as on a desktop computer. No “pinch and zoom” required! Last but certainly not least, we get a thorough introduction to the most ubiquitous, popular, and incredibly powerful language of the web: Javascript. Using Javascript, we are able to build a fully functional web application that utilizes Ajax to expose server-side functionality and data to the end user.

